Mantooth Saints: it worked, thanks
Death To Armenia: will just leave the group chat open
Here Comes Da Pain: all good
Here Comes Da Pain: what's the starting salary cap? $200 bucks?
Death To Armenia: yep
Here Comes Da Pain: damn, seems low. So we need to have 14 players from that, man. How come rules say starting salary in 2011 is $225. Released contracts?
Death To Armenia: was a change
Death To Armenia: you think we should go back to 225?
Death To Armenia: i think ppl should draft smarter
Here Comes Da Pain: i don't think that's the prob. it's in the beginning bidding that people drive up the price and you end up paying too much. remember when ray rice went for over $50, that's 1/4 of a team's entire salary
Death To Armenia: yep
Death To Armenia: so ppl shouldn't bid that high
Death To Armenia: i don't want to raise the salary cap just so some moron can over bid for a RB
Here Comes Da Pain: eh, let's see how it goes
Death To Armenia: i'm open to changing it back to 225
Here Comes Da Pain: I just remember when it was at 225 many of us were adding $1 players to make sure we had 14 players but we could barely afford even them
Here Comes Da Pain: i'm fine either way
Death To Armenia: eh, cuz ppl went ape shit during FAM
Death To Armenia: i might change it back.lemme check my spaghetti
Death Blow: manning isn't even playing
Here Comes Da Pain: hell, even in spirit he's better than half the league!
Death To Armenia: not really
Here Comes Da Pain: but yes, i'm not confident in fricking Collins
Death To Armenia: maybe a few years ago
Death To Armenia: but now he is on the way out
Here Comes Da Pain: I agree that he may never have the dominant career or an Alex Smith, but he's done well so far
Here Comes Da Pain: Oh wait, I'm not in bizarro world, Alex Smith BLOWS
Death Blow: 
Death Blow: can't believe niners have no other choice but Alex Smith
Here Comes Da Pain: they should try to get Montana out of retirement. He could wear his Shape Ups and still play better than Smith
Death Blow: lol
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: yo
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: am i in the right place?
East Bay Gotham Knights: Yes!
East Bay Gotham Knights: Screw you AIM client.. Digsby for the Win!
Bill Lindke: hey there
Bill Lindke: everyone
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: yo
Death To Armenia: 10 ppl‚ missing 2
East Bay Gotham Knights: time to blow the roof off this mutha
Bill Lindke: i want all the players       I have not done any home work this year... well i didnt do any last year 
Death Blow: me too
East Bay Gotham Knights: same here.. most unprepared ever.. Payton Manning still plays right? haha
Bill Lindke: haha
Here Comes Da Pain: we don't need him to beat houston
Bill Lindke: hey doug  please rest my user information please
Bill Lindke: i amnot sure about that
Here Comes Da Pain: shay, where you sitting on friday
East Bay Gotham Knights: oh... really.. with Collins.. yikes
Bill Lindke: houston may have them this year  collin i am not sure of
East Bay Gotham Knights: VB 304
East Bay Gotham Knights: Row A bitch
Here Comes Da Pain: we have like 30 strong in the bleachers
East Bay Gotham Knights: yeah yeah.. you got club level
East Bay Gotham Knights: wow
Death To Armenia: i am going senile.keledjian is not here‚ who the hell else are we missing
East Bay Gotham Knights: well we'll have to meet up
East Bay Gotham Knights: Pat, you going too? Kershaw vs. Timmy
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: ther is a time line we have all known about for 2 months. lets start!!
East Bay Gotham Knights: and Willie Mac Award (my vote is for romo, but I think Vogey will get it)
East Bay Gotham Knights: yeah.. let's start
East Bay Gotham Knights: i want to get out quick
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: no tix yet
Death To Armenia: you always do
Death To Armenia: so jason is running late so tough luck for him
Dublin Tundra Wookies: what's crack-a-lackin my homiez?
East Bay Gotham Knights: yeah.. should have a back-up like your sister did
Niner Knights: so does he get a ptoxy?
Death To Armenia: yep
Death To Armenia: no
Bill Lindke: so does that mean we have a 30 min bye
Niner Knights: proxy?
Death To Armenia: his dumb ass misses out on free agents
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: what about that drew brees team
Death To Armenia: so first thing
Death To Armenia: Open discussion point:  fantasy salary.  Last year it was $225.  In the free agent market some managers bid huge amounts for certain players.  Some of the other managers asked me to lower the cap to $200 to keep it more competitive and prevent crazy bidding.  So right now the options are $200 and $225 for salary cap
Death To Armenia: will throw it out to a vote
East Bay Gotham Knights: i've got Shannon's covered
East Bay Gotham Knights: keep it as is
Niner Knights: ditto
Bill Lindke: keep it 
Here Comes Da Pain: i vote 225
Dublin Tundra Wookies: i vote 200
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: the more the merrier
Death To Armenia: right now its $200
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: $250
East Bay Gotham Knights: 300
Death To Armenia: i'm voting $200
Mantooth Saints: 200
East Bay Gotham Knights: i'm a greedy owner
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: $325
East Bay Gotham Knights: 500
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: $501
East Bay Gotham Knights: oh wait.. we aren't bidding on players yet
East Bay Gotham Knights: haha
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: whoops
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: kinda into it
Death To Armenia: ok, since shay and pat are being twats we
Dublin Tundra Wookies: who is curiusmnky?
Death To Armenia: will go w/ $200
East Bay Gotham Knights: Shay = CuriusMnky
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Lets do dis!!
East Bay Gotham Knights: start already.. worst commish ever
Death To Armenia: aight
East Bay Gotham Knights: 
Dublin Tundra Wookies: okay
Death To Armenia: suck it
Death To Armenia: Free Agent Market
Here Comes Da Pain: shay, you should be watching the giants game anyways
Death To Armenia: first bid Aaron Rodgers for $31
Here Comes Da Pain: 31
Niner Knights: $35 
East Bay Gotham Knights: I am multi-tasking.. Giants, 2 kids, 2 computers
Death Blow: 36
Here Comes Da Pain: 38
Niner Knights: 39
Dublin Tundra Wookies: who are we bidding on?
Niner Knights: your mom
Oklahoma Rednecks: Rodgers
Here Comes Da Pain: 42
Death Blow: 40
Dublin Tundra Wookies: oh
Oklahoma Rednecks: 29
Death To Armenia: wrong way
Death Blow: 29?
Oklahoma Rednecks: yeah
East Bay Gotham Knights: this isn't golf
Oklahoma Rednecks: take him for 40
Death To Armenia: brandon flunked out of high school
Death Blow: 
Here Comes Da Pain: 1 2 3 sold
Oklahoma Rednecks: or wait, 42
Oklahoma Rednecks: word
Death Blow: its 42 already
Death Blow: 43
Death To Armenia: $42 to CJ
Death To Armenia: going once
Death To Armenia: eh
Death To Armenia: $43 to benny
Death To Armenia: once
Here Comes Da Pain: 44 
Death To Armenia: twice
Oklahoma Rednecks: wow
Here Comes Da Pain: fuck you manning and your neck
Oklahoma Rednecks: insanity
Death To Armenia: $44 to CJ who has clearly forgotten about the $200 cap
Death To Armenia: once
Death To Armenia: twice
Death To Armenia: sold
Dublin Tundra Wookies: thats almost have a budget on one mediocre qb
Oklahoma Rednecks: wish I was selling him
Here Comes Da Pain: i voted 225 so that's what i get to spend
Death To Armenia: Arian foster for 22
Dublin Tundra Wookies: 22
Oklahoma Rednecks: 24
Niner Knights: 25
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 255
Oklahoma Rednecks: 26
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i mean 25
Niner Knights: 27
Death Blow: 27
Death Blow: 28
Niner Knights: 30
Death Blow: 31
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 32
Oklahoma Rednecks: 33
Death Blow: 34
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 35
Here Comes Da Pain: 36
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 37
Death To Armenia: $37 to pat
Death To Armenia: once
Death To Armenia: twice
Death To Armenia: sold
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: giants just lost
Oklahoma Rednecks: hahahaha
Oklahoma Rednecks: *squaredances*
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: season over
East Bay Gotham Knights: ugh.. and who is bsb24x7?
Death To Armenia: peyton hillis for 17
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 
East Bay Gotham Knights: 18
Niner Knights: 20
Death To Armenia: bsb - brandon
Death To Armenia: 21
East Bay Gotham Knights: 22
Niner Knights: 23
Death Blow: 25
Oklahoma Rednecks: 26
Niner Knights: 26
East Bay Gotham Knights: 27
Death Blow: 29
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: 30
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 30
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 31
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: 32
Oklahoma Rednecks: 33
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 32.5
Death Blow: 34
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 34
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: 34
Oklahoma Rednecks: 35
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 36
Death To Armenia: 36 to pat
Death To Armenia: once
Death Blow: 37
Death To Armenia: twice
Death To Armenia: 37 to benny
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 38
Death To Armenia: 38 to pat
Death Blow: 39
Death To Armenia: once
East Bay Gotham Knights: 7 games with 19 to go.. not going to happen.. still can go back and watch last seasons WS.. how about the rest of you suckers.. Cubs, A's.. losers!
Death To Armenia: suck it shay
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 40
Death To Armenia: 40 to pat
Oklahoma Rednecks: wow 40.
Death To Armenia: once
Death To Armenia: twice
Death Blow: 41
Niner Knights: he'snot worth ot
Niner Knights: madden curse
Here Comes Da Pain: at least I have Brad Pitt and MoneyBall!!
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 42
Oklahoma Rednecks: wow 42!
Death Blow: 43
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 44
Death To Armenia: i think pat is going to be over budget after 3 players
Death Blow: 45
Death To Armenia: remember you can't drop brady
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: thats what you said last year
Death To Armenia: and defenses are like $30
Death Blow: thats what I paid for tom brady 2 years ago
Here Comes Da Pain: we should re vote on the cap limit
Oklahoma Rednecks: prashanth is right behind him.
Death To Armenia: 45 to prashanth
Death To Armenia: once
Death To Armenia: twice
Death To Armenia: sold
Oklahoma Rednecks: impressive
Oklahoma Rednecks: and that was Hillis right?
Death To Armenia: calvin johnson for 15
Niner Knights: 18
Here Comes Da Pain: 20
Bill Lindke: 15
East Bay Gotham Knights: 15
East Bay Gotham Knights: 21
Niner Knights: 22
Bill Lindke: 23
Here Comes Da Pain: 25
Bill Lindke: 26
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i just jacked up the price. you guys should watch storage wars
East Bay Gotham Knights: 27
Niner Knights: 28
Here Comes Da Pain: 31
Bill Lindke: 33
Death Blow: 34
Here Comes Da Pain: 36
Bill Lindke: 37
Dublin Tundra Wookies: you know someone stil has to throw him the ball, right?
Death To Armenia: 37 to bill
Death Blow: 38
Here Comes Da Pain: 39
Death To Armenia: 39 to cj
Death To Armenia: once
Death To Armenia: twice
Death Blow: 40
Death To Armenia: sold
Death To Armenia: ok, not sold
Here Comes Da Pain: haha, he's yours
Death To Armenia: 40 to benny
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: that guy sucks
Death To Armenia: once
Death Blow: I am done bidding
Death To Armenia: twice
Death To Armenia: sold
Death To Armenia: greg jennings for 15
Death To Armenia: 15
East Bay Gotham Knights: 16
Bill Lindke: 17
Oklahoma Rednecks: 18
Here Comes Da Pain: 21
Bill Lindke: 20
East Bay Gotham Knights: 22
Bill Lindke: 23
Niner Knights: 25
East Bay Gotham Knights: 27
Here Comes Da Pain: 29
Oklahoma Rednecks: 30
East Bay Gotham Knights: 28
Niner Knights: 35
East Bay Gotham Knights: 31
Oklahoma Rednecks: wow 35
Oklahoma Rednecks: I say give it to him
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 36
Niner Knights: take it Pat
East Bay Gotham Knights: 37
Oklahoma Rednecks: gettem
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 38
Oklahoma Rednecks: nice
Death To Armenia: 38 to pat
East Bay Gotham Knights: 39.. this is for Shannon btw
East Bay Gotham Knights: 39
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 40
East Bay Gotham Knights: 41
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 42
East Bay Gotham Knights: 43
Death To Armenia: ugh, the shay/shannon monster is at 43
Death To Armenia: 43 once
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i dont want him for 35
East Bay Gotham Knights: suck it DJ
Death To Armenia: twice
Death To Armenia: sold to some form of a person living in dublin
East Bay Gotham Knights: jealous doug
Death To Armenia: rashard mendenhall for 13
Bill Lindke: 15
East Bay Gotham Knights: 16
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: haha. swrewing you guys is better than getting the player
Niner Knights: 20
Jason Keledjian: 25
Bill Lindke: 30
Niner Knights: 32
East Bay Gotham Knights: 31
Bill Lindke: 33
Death To Armenia: 34
Bill Lindke: 35
Niner Knights: 35
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 36
Niner Knights: 37
Bill Lindke: 38
East Bay Gotham Knights: 37
East Bay Gotham Knights: 39
Niner Knights: 40
Bill Lindke: 41
Death To Armenia: 42
Bill Lindke: 43
Death To Armenia: 44
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 45
Bill Lindke: 46
Oklahoma Rednecks: 47
Death To Armenia: 47 once
Bill Lindke: 48
East Bay Gotham Knights: wow
Dublin Tundra Wookies: this is still mendenhall?
Death To Armenia: 48 to bill
Death To Armenia: yep
Death To Armenia: 1/4 of an entire salary going once
Death To Armenia: twice
Death To Armenia: sold
Death To Armenia: frank gore for 12
Jason Keledjian: 20
Oklahoma Rednecks: 25
Here Comes Da Pain: 30
East Bay Gotham Knights: 30
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: niners arnt worth anything
East Bay Gotham Knights: 31
Here Comes Da Pain: 33
East Bay Gotham Knights: neither is your face
Oklahoma Rednecks: 40
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 41
Oklahoma Rednecks: 8itch
Dublin Tundra Wookies: 45
Oklahoma Rednecks: ha
Oklahoma Rednecks: man, this gets expensive fast.
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: thank god some one out bid me there
Death To Armenia: 45 to jake
Death To Armenia: once
Death To Armenia: twice
Death To Armenia: sold
Dublin Tundra Wookies: sweet
Death To Armenia: andre johnson for 11
East Bay Gotham Knights: 15
Oklahoma Rednecks: 20
Jason Keledjian: 25
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 21
Niner Knights: 25
East Bay Gotham Knights: 30
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 27
Here Comes Da Pain: 35
Death Blow: 31
Niner Knights: 31
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 31
Niner Knights: 35
Death Blow: 36
East Bay Gotham Knights: 40
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 42
Here Comes Da Pain: 43
Death To Armenia: 43
Death To Armenia: 44
Oklahoma Rednecks: 45
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 46
East Bay Gotham Knights: 46
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: beat ya
East Bay Gotham Knights: no.. i beat you
East Bay Gotham Knights: dummy
Death To Armenia: 46 to pat
Oklahoma Rednecks: 47
Death To Armenia: 47 to brandon
East Bay Gotham Knights: 48
East Bay Gotham Knights: hahaha
Oklahoma Rednecks: arent you out of money yet?
Death To Armenia: 48 to shannon or shay
East Bay Gotham Knights: shay
Death To Armenia: 48 once
Death To Armenia: twice
East Bay Gotham Knights: shannon is home now.. she can handle her own biz
Death To Armenia: sold
East Bay Gotham Knights: nice
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: bad buy
Dublin Tundra Wookies: wouldn't that be Shaynon then?
Death To Armenia: ray rice for 9
Jason Keledjian: 20
Bill Lindke: 10
East Bay Gotham Knights: nothing we haven't heard before 30
Oklahoma Rednecks: 25
East Bay Gotham Knights: 30
Niner Knights: 35
Jason Keledjian: 36
Oklahoma Rednecks: 39
Niner Knights: 40
Death To Armenia: 40 to brian
Death To Armenia: 41
Dublin Tundra Wookies: my jokes are old-school
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 43
Niner Knights: 44
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 45
Death To Armenia: 46
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 47
Niner Knights: 47
Oklahoma Rednecks: 47 for a baltimore player
Niner Knights: 48
Oklahoma Rednecks: wow
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 49
Niner Knights: yours
Death To Armenia: 50
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: yours
Oklahoma Rednecks: oh spade
Death To Armenia: 50 once
Death To Armenia: twice
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 51
Death To Armenia: i need to type faster
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: once twice sold
Death To Armenia: 52
Death To Armenia: once
Death To Armenia: twice
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 53
Oklahoma Rednecks: still too slow
Death To Armenia: 53 to pat
Death To Armenia: once
Death To Armenia: twice
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: sold
Death To Armenia: sold
East Bay Gotham Knights: better then the 66 you paid last year.. nice work
Dublin Tundra Wookies: $5 fine to Pat for doing the commissioner's job!
Death To Armenia: pat has $67 left
Death To Armenia: larry fitzgerald
Death To Armenia: for 9
Oklahoma Rednecks: 35
Here Comes Da Pain: 42
Death Blow: 43
Oklahoma Rednecks: 44
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: what does everyone else have
Death Blow: 45
Here Comes Da Pain: 48
Oklahoma Rednecks: 50
Death Blow: 51
Oklahoma Rednecks: 54
Here Comes Da Pain: 55
Death To Armenia: are you guys nuts?
Death To Armenia: 55 to cj
Death Blow: 56
Death To Armenia: 56 to benny
Death To Armenia: once
Death To Armenia: twice
Here Comes Da Pain: 57
Death To Armenia: 57 to cj
Death To Armenia: once
Niner Knights: way to go Cort!
Death To Armenia: twice
Death To Armenia: sold
Bill Lindke: i heard he is not laying this week  turf toe
East Bay Gotham Knights: hahahaaha
Oklahoma Rednecks: he gets that twice a year
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: for more than ray rice?
Death To Armenia: vernon davis for 9
Death To Armenia: 10
Bill Lindke: 12
Dublin Tundra Wookies: 15
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 20
Dublin Tundra Wookies: 22
Death To Armenia: 23
Bill Lindke: hmm  hold on   alex is throwing the ball to him or the ground
Here Comes Da Pain: 25
Dublin Tundra Wookies: 30
Bill Lindke: 26
Death To Armenia: 30 to jake
Death To Armenia: 30 for a tight end
Death To Armenia: once
Death To Armenia: twice
Death To Armenia: sold
Dublin Tundra Wookies: not just a tight end
Dublin Tundra Wookies: VD was one of my top players last year
Bill Lindke: a blocking end
Niner Knights: you just said VD...
Mantooth Saints: then your team sucked
Death To Armenia: you had the worst record of the entire league last year
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: how many people on a roster?
Death To Armenia: 14
Dublin Tundra Wookies: for you, 8
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: it wasn't hard to be a good player on your team, jake
Death To Armenia: and you have to fill all spots
Here Comes Da Pain: haha
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: how many spots is thsat?
Dublin Tundra Wookies: my team ashamedly lost the Toilet Bowl
Bill Lindke: hey  can you set my account up     i dont know how many of what i need
Oklahoma Rednecks: 11?
Here Comes Da Pain: 14
Oklahoma Rednecks: 14
Death To Armenia: ok, for drafting i need you all to give me your picks as name, team, pos. so Tony Romo, Dal, QB
Death To Armenia: aye
Death To Armenia: you suck bill
Death To Armenia: one sec
Bill Lindke: sorry
Bill Lindke: thanks
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 13 or 14?
Here Comes Da Pain: dude, can we do 225 salary cap, I feel like the Oakland A's
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: people on a team?>
Bill Lindke: haha
East Bay Gotham Knights: what does the XXX mean? Free agents?
Bill Lindke: i like 225  as well
Dublin Tundra Wookies: my draft central page isn't updating
Oklahoma Rednecks: heh
Death To Armenia: xxx was for players you had already
Death To Armenia: so you don't need those spots
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: i agree w/ 225
Death To Armenia: none of the free agents show up in the draft
East Bay Gotham Knights: are you going to add the ones we just bought?
East Bay Gotham Knights: lovely
Death To Armenia: gonna fill in the XXX
Oklahoma Rednecks: I would have agreed before the draft
Death To Armenia: gimme a sec
Oklahoma Rednecks: but now I dont.
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Death To Armenia: how many men on a roster?
Death To Armenia: 14
Death To Armenia: like i said
Death To Armenia: and i also said you have to fill all spots
East Bay Gotham Knights: that's what she said
Dublin Tundra Wookies: ha
Oklahoma Rednecks: but, if everyone who wants the cap to be 225, if they send me some beer or some diapers, I will vote in their favor.
Death To Armenia: ye we took a vote on the salary. pat and shay were throwing out 300 and 500 so their opinion doesn't count
Death To Armenia: everyone else was 200
Death To Armenia: so its 200
Oklahoma Rednecks: I think 2 hundy is good
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: that meant the higher the better
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: 200 is weak
Dublin Tundra Wookies: 200 is fine
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 200 is what i planned on
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: who is bsb24x7?
Death To Armenia: 200 forces you think about shit
Dublin Tundra Wookies: i was conservative with my free agency
Oklahoma Rednecks: I'm Brandon Jonz157.
Death To Armenia: not just throw $$$ at ray rice
Oklahoma Rednecks: *dances a jig*
Death To Armenia: unfortunatley pat still threw $$$
Death To Armenia: but hey
Death To Armenia: s'all good
Jason Keledjian: LETS DRAFT!
Here Comes Da Pain: i work on natural talent, instinct, i don't think
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: got it. thx 
East Bay Gotham Knights: can we start.. 
Oklahoma Rednecks: Who is Jonz157?
East Bay Gotham Knights: Shannon
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i throw money at fantasy football trophy's! and im good at it
Death Blow: is the available players page updated?
Death To Armenia: ok, give me like 2 min to update the XXX
Oklahoma Rednecks: its not updating for me
Oklahoma Rednecks: cool
Death To Armenia: and the players , teams, etc are updated
Dublin Tundra Wookies: good i have to pee anyway
Death To Armenia: hit refresh brandon this isn't java
Here Comes Da Pain: hey shay
Here Comes Da Pain: i think Friday is the perfect time to settle the home run derby bet!!
East Bay Gotham Knights: eh?
East Bay Gotham Knights: home run derby?
Here Comes Da Pain: I'll bring your A's shirt!!
East Bay Gotham Knights: oh.. shit no
East Bay Gotham Knights: i'll get my ass kicked by Dodgers and Giants fans
Dublin Tundra Wookies: im back start drafting
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: can i play?
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i hit bombs
East Bay Gotham Knights: you lay bombs.. 
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Shan who are you going to pick?
Here Comes Da Pain: you take bomb hits
Bill Lindke: thanks doug
East Bay Gotham Knights: now that I can get behind.. shesha after the game?
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: Michael Turner, RB ATL
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: that 2
Dublin Tundra Wookies: never heard of him
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i do both at the same time
Oklahoma Rednecks: Ryan Fitzpatrick - ATL - QB
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: bills?
Death To Armenia: wow
Bill Lindke: yeah
Death To Armenia: you guys started w/o me
Dublin Tundra Wookies: ha no
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: sorry, that was Jake's fault
Death To Armenia: k, start over
Death To Armenia: shannon has #1
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: Michael Turner, RB ATL
Dublin Tundra Wookies: how much time do we get to pick?
Death To Armenia: pref 2 min
Oklahoma Rednecks: Austin Collie - IND - Colts
Death To Armenia: but i don't have a timer yet
Dublin Tundra Wookies: okay
East Bay Gotham Knights: haha
East Bay Gotham Knights: what?
East Bay Gotham Knights: haha
Death To Armenia: jake up
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: did austin collie just go #2
East Bay Gotham Knights: do you know him or something?
East Bay Gotham Knights: hahah
Death To Armenia: yep
Death To Armenia: brandon took him
Death To Armenia: jake up
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: did you explain the rules to brandon?
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Braylon Edwards, WR, SF
East Bay Gotham Knights: is Brandon in my conference? please say yes!
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: like he can pick the 6th ranked RB if he wanted
East Bay Gotham Knights: WHAT IS HAPPENDING.. my brain is melting
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: i expect this from jake
East Bay Gotham Knights: you know Alex Smith is our quarterback, roght
Death To Armenia: brian up
Dublin Tundra Wookies: i decided im' starting kaepernick this season
Oklahoma Rednecks: Wayne is going to break early.
Oklahoma Rednecks: wow I'm in bold
Death To Armenia: ind has no QB
Death To Armenia: remember that
Oklahoma Rednecks: yep, for at least one game
Death To Armenia: briiiian
East Bay Gotham Knights: no way.. he's not ready.. Harbaugh will suffer with Smith till he gets hurt
Oklahoma Rednecks: unless they're taking queues from the NBA and rolling people out in a wheelchair only to return in the 4th.
East Bay Gotham Knights: who's pick?
Death To Armenia: brain
Death To Armenia: brian
Death Blow: can we skip him?
Dublin Tundra Wookies: he's only got $14, should be a no brainier
Niner Knights: oh crap, my kid was hungry
Death To Armenia: pick already
Dublin Tundra Wookies: my kids make their own sandwiches and empty the dishwasher now
East Bay Gotham Knights: my kids starve
Niner Knights: is Darren McFadden available?
Death To Armenia: ok brian, either give a pick or we skip you
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i havnt met my kids
Here Comes Da Pain: yes
East Bay Gotham Knights: i can totally see that Pay
East Bay Gotham Knights: Pat
Niner Knights: mine
Niner Knights: then
East Bay Gotham Knights: take McFadden
East Bay Gotham Knights: move along
Death To Armenia: prashanth
Death Blow: Hakeem Nicks NYG WR
Niner Knights: i hate the raiders but I think he'll have a good year
Oklahoma Rednecks: nice
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: finely a good pick
East Bay Gotham Knights: he will if he stays healthy
Death To Armenia: bill
Bill Lindke: Ryan Fitzpatrick - ATL - QB
Bill Lindke: BUF
East Bay Gotham Knights: oh.. my toe. (McFadden)
Oklahoma Rednecks: taken
Here Comes Da Pain: isn't he picked already
Oklahoma Rednecks: mine
Death To Armenia: jason
Bill Lindke: oh  i thought that you guys where joking
Dublin Tundra Wookies: is TO in buffalo this year?
Bill Lindke: ok
Bill Lindke: one sec
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: oh my knee, my other knee, and both sides of my hip, and both ankles... Frank gore
Oklahoma Rednecks: hahahhahaha
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: no you switched to Collie
Oklahoma Rednecks: he ruined my year
Bill Lindke: Matthew Stafford, DET - QB
Oklahoma Rednecks: I got a pick and a pick right?
Oklahoma Rednecks: how did that work?
Oklahoma Rednecks: my first pick was fitzpatrick
Jason Keledjian: matt Forte, rb, chi
Oklahoma Rednecks: didnt people with keepers get skipped a round?
East Bay Gotham Knights: hell no
Oklahoma Rednecks: depending on how many keepers were held?
Oklahoma Rednecks: I'm ne
Oklahoma Rednecks: new
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: no
Death To Armenia: your first pick was collie
Oklahoma Rednecks: tell me about it.
Death To Armenia: so fitzpatrick was open
Death To Armenia: and you still need a qb
Bill Lindke: ok
Bill Lindke: so do i get ftz  or what
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: he sucks
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: do i really have to help you guys like this
Dublin Tundra Wookies: im confused, who did you pick Bill?
East Bay Gotham Knights: give it to him.. no one would want him
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: what are you doing?
Oklahoma Rednecks: my first pick was ryan
Death To Armenia: ugh
Bill Lindke: ok   i pick  Matthew Stafford, DET - QB
Oklahoma Rednecks: in order of appearance
Oklahoma Rednecks: but I'm easy
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: then collie is still in play
Death To Armenia: so when you were "picking" i wan't ready
Death To Armenia: so we started
Oklahoma Rednecks: oh
Death To Armenia: and shannon took turner
Oklahoma Rednecks: yep
Death To Armenia: she said jake was screwing w/ us
Death To Armenia: so we started over
East Bay Gotham Knights: give him both.. no one wants either
Oklahoma Rednecks: and then I took fitzpatrick
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: just give it to him
Death To Armenia: after her you took collie
Oklahoma Rednecks: her
Oklahoma Rednecks: sorry
Here Comes Da Pain: give him both and skip his next turn
Oklahoma Rednecks: 
East Bay Gotham Knights: give him both
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: you though fitzpatrick was atl qb
Death To Armenia: but bill took fitz
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: he plays for the shitty bills
Death To Armenia: so this puts us back and screws him up
Oklahoma Rednecks: oh got it
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: bill said he'd take someone else
Oklahoma Rednecks: erp
Dublin Tundra Wookies: i don't care, i'm still picking Edwards
Oklahoma Rednecks: all good
Dublin Tundra Wookies: first round
Death To Armenia: so up to bill. you want fitz or not. if you do he is yours cuz no one is paying attention
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: when is it my turn?
Bill Lindke: yes
Here Comes Da Pain: you're last my friend
Bill Lindke: fitz
Death To Armenia: k, so you lose brandon
Death To Armenia: my pick
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: so he's picked 2 players before i got 1?
Dublin Tundra Wookies: so wait
Death To Armenia: no
Death To Armenia: brandon got 1 player
Oklahoma Rednecks: got it
Death To Armenia: collie
Oklahoma Rednecks: yep
Oklahoma Rednecks: austin collie
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: collie is out
Dublin Tundra Wookies: bill gets fitzpatrick, and stafford is available
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: bad choice
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: fitz goes to bill
Bill Lindke: he is a winner
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: move on now
Dublin Tundra Wookies: i swear you need a double major from UC Davis to mess this up this badly
Death Blow: who's turn?
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: does he know fitz doesnt play for atl?
Oklahoma Rednecks: yeah, figured that out
Oklahoma Rednecks: the icons are tiny.
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: and the bills suck right?
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: doug
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: pick already
Bill Lindke: ok  they will take out the raiders
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: my kids have a bedtime
Death To Armenia: hang on‚ I got screwed up with all this
Oklahoma Rednecks: ummm post OJ, yeah they do
Oklahoma Rednecks: I broke it.
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: thats the one team i wish i could play 16 times a year
Oklahoma Rednecks: I'm new.  Sorry y'all.
Bill Lindke: and denver  
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: no worries Brandon
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: it's the commish's fault
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: he should have explained it better to you
Dublin Tundra Wookies: totaly his fault
Niner Knights: i concur on the IN DREW BREES WE TRUST comment
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: commish's fault
Dublin Tundra Wookies: 100%
East Bay Gotham Knights: 
Oklahoma Rednecks: *cracks the eff up.*
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: love you dougie
Oklahoma Rednecks: Damn, this makes me want to click the donate button.
Death To Armenia: you can all suck it
Oklahoma Rednecks: whats 4% of a quarter?
Dublin Tundra Wookies: don't do it, doug gets a small fortune in per diem for his world traveling
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: the raiders clicked the donate button
Death To Armenia: i'm picking jones-drew
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: good pick
Here Comes Da Pain: PITT DEF
Oklahoma Rednecks: FARK
Death To Armenia: defense in round 1
East Bay Gotham Knights: LeSean McCoy, RB, Eagles
Death To Armenia: why are you upset brandon?
Niner Knights: pitt D?
Oklahoma Rednecks: Pitt D was next for me
Death To Armenia: pat
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Dwayne Bowe KC WR
Death Blow: its not your turn brandon
Oklahoma Rednecks: I'm waiting.
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: and the crowd goes crazy
Oklahoma Rednecks: *taps his foot*
Bill Lindke: good pick pat  
Mantooth Saints: Doug did you skip me?
Niner Knights: jake is off, can you revinite him?
Dublin Tundra Wookies: omg what did i miss
East Bay Gotham Knights: nothing.. we're good
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: ur pick
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: pat skipped paul
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: they told me to go!!!
Mantooth Saints: Doug told him to
Death To Armenia: sor, my bad
Death To Armenia: who do you want pat
Mantooth Saints: My goddamn pick
Here Comes Da Pain: Caynan, are you going to buy random women and their bf's beer at the niners game again?
Death To Armenia: paul
Death To Armenia: haha
Mantooth Saints: Green Bay Def
Death To Armenia: ok. round 2 pick pat
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Vincent Jackson for a $1
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: yup
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: its over
Oklahoma Rednecks: wow
Here Comes Da Pain: he was really a buck
Oklahoma Rednecks: just tell me where to send the check
Death To Armenia: paul
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: didnt play last year
Mantooth Saints: Gostkowski K NE
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: kickers go in the 7th round
Mantooth Saints: not in this league
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: re-pick
Dublin Tundra Wookies: not paul's kicker
East Bay Gotham Knights: Knowshon Moreno, DEN, RB
Here Comes Da Pain: Steven Jackson, RB, STL
Dublin Tundra Wookies: i still can't see the free agents
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: a lot of yards.... no TDS's
Dublin Tundra Wookies: just XXX's
Here Comes Da Pain: he's on the roids now, he'll start finishing
Death To Armenia: eh, i hate you guys and your crappy drafting strategy
Oklahoma Rednecks: Im thinking about starting that up.
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: the team just cant get in the red zone
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: dougie..pick
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: hard to score from the 50 every play
East Bay Gotham Knights: running backs in McDaniels system don't score much.. 
Dublin Tundra Wookies: don't you dare take Smith!!
Death To Armenia: colston NO WR
Death To Armenia: jason up
Mantooth Saints: Jason asked me to draft for him
Death To Armenia: ok
Mantooth Saints: So Armenia picks Vincent Jackson WR SD
Here Comes Da Pain: taken
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: just picked him
Oklahoma Rednecks: he's gone
Death To Armenia: pat alreayd picked hin
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: 10 min ago
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: for a $1
Mantooth Saints: Damn it armenia, get in the game
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: $$$$$1$$$$$$
Oklahoma Rednecks: gangsters
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: steal
Mantooth Saints: Mike Williams TB WR
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: nice
Dublin Tundra Wookies: isn't he with seattle?>
Mantooth Saints: For Armenia
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: theres 2 people with the same name
Dublin Tundra Wookies: oh
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: the better one is on Tampa
Death To Armenia: bill
Oklahoma Rednecks: bucs
Bill Lindke: Baltimore Ravens, BAL - DEF
Death Blow: beanie wells RB ARZ
Niner Knights: good one
East Bay Gotham Knights: doug.. invite your sis
Niner Knights: Miles Austin
Niner Knights: Dal WR
Here Comes Da Pain: doug, he took beanie wells, so chris wells is still available!!
Niner Knights: ha ha
East Bay Gotham Knights: haha
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i thought miles austin was already gone
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: contract
Niner Knights: oh dang
Oklahoma Rednecks: I'm not seeing him
Dublin Tundra Wookies: hes not on my team
Death To Armenia: austin is gone
Dublin Tundra Wookies: if the bottom rounds were more than just  a bunch of red xxx
Niner Knights: Bandon Lloyd
Dublin Tundra Wookies: ...
Oklahoma Rednecks: Brandon even
Death To Armenia: actually brian tried to draft someone on his team
Death To Armenia: go figure
Niner Knights: WR Den
East Bay Gotham Knights: doug.. invite SHANNON
Death To Armenia: i did
Death To Armenia: she needs to accept the damn thing
Dublin Tundra Wookies: she just left the room
Death To Armenia: shay is not technically savy
Death To Armenia: don't hold it against him
Death To Armenia: jake up
Dublin Tundra Wookies: hmmm
Dublin Tundra Wookies: is Akers available?
Here Comes Da Pain: yes
Dublin Tundra Wookies: David Akers, K, SF
Dublin Tundra Wookies: he's gonna have one bad ass season
Here Comes Da Pain: do you stack niners cause you don't like to watch more than one game a week
Dublin Tundra Wookies: that and it makes it easier to set the lineup
Death To Armenia: brandon
Here Comes Da Pain: or after watching the niners each week you're too pissed to do anything else!!
Oklahoma Rednecks: I'll take the lesser manning
Death To Armenia: right now that would be peyton
Oklahoma Rednecks: no
Oklahoma Rednecks: Eli
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i think its so he doesnt even have to watch them anymore
Here Comes Da Pain: burn
Oklahoma Rednecks: E. Manning - NYG - Giants
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i would do the same thing
Death To Armenia: 2 for shannon
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: 1st Pick: Eagles DEF
Dublin Tundra Wookies: if i pick all 49ers, doug loads he scores to the website for me, don't have to watch the whole game
Oklahoma Rednecks: nice
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: 2nd Pick:
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: Kaeding, K, SD
Death To Armenia: damn was hoping he would slip to me
Death To Armenia: ok, brandon up
Oklahoma Rednecks: Terrell Owens - CIN - Bengals
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: me too, in three rounds
Here Comes Da Pain: ye baby
Dublin Tundra Wookies: didn't he retire or something
Death To Armenia: pat you can't afford kaeding anymore
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: he's not playing
Oklahoma Rednecks: he's crying with sunglasses I know that
Death To Armenia: jake
Oklahoma Rednecks: hes not playing?W!?!
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: I have $54 left
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: right?
Here Comes Da Pain: he'll be playing by week 5 or 6
Death To Armenia: $49 pat
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: yeah so will moss
Here Comes Da Pain: then you'll be the one laughing at us in week 6
Death To Armenia: jake pick
Oklahoma Rednecks: I'm patient.
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Chad Ochocinco, WR, NE
Here Comes Da Pain: and i'm full of it!!
Oklahoma Rednecks: tons of payshunce.
Death To Armenia: brian
Niner Knights: I'll go with P Manning
Here Comes Da Pain: WHAT!!!
Death To Armenia: prashanth up
Here Comes Da Pain: there goes your free beer for sunday asshole
Death Blow: Ben Roeth - QB, PIT
Death To Armenia: bill
Bill Lindke: Mike Wallace, PIT - WR
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: contract
Dublin Tundra Wookies: i got wallace
Bill Lindke: shoot
Bill Lindke: ok
Death To Armenia: you can have seneca wallace
Bill Lindke: Willis, Matt wr den
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: never heard of him
Bill Lindke: rookie   pretty good   catches everything
Death To Armenia: me neither
Bill Lindke: like bowe
Dublin Tundra Wookies: But Orton can't throw
Bill Lindke: haha
Bill Lindke: thats the point   just get it near him
Mantooth Saints: Armenia will take NE Def
Oklahoma Rednecks: only when it counts, he does good the first half of every year
Death To Armenia: F*** YOU PAUL/JASON HYBRID
Death To Armenia: that was my next pick
Oklahoma Rednecks: then he puts a barfbag in his belt
Mantooth Saints: I am sure that will make Jason happy
Dublin Tundra Wookies: you set up the draft doug
Dublin Tundra Wookies: next time, put yourself higher in the round
Death To Armenia: NYG DEF
Here Comes Da Pain: Crosby, K GB
East Bay Gotham Knights: Jermichael Finley. GB, TE
Death To Armenia: paul
Mantooth Saints: Ahmad Bradshah RB NYG
Death To Armenia: pat
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Chicago DEF
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: me again?
Here Comes Da Pain: yep
Death To Armenia: yep and you are down to $20
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: I know what im doing!!!!!
Death To Armenia: TWENTY DOLLARS
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Alex Henery K PHI BOOOOM!!!!
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: and thats my starting roster
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: $10
Death To Armenia: pabs
Mantooth Saints: Jeremy Maclin WR PHI
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i dont know what that means
East Bay Gotham Knights: Anquan Boldin, WR, BAL
Here Comes Da Pain: The Man, TE Indy
Here Comes Da Pain: or Dallas Clark to you "normies"
Dublin Tundra Wookies: who has Vick?
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: dj
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: doug
Death To Armenia: neil rackers for me
Death To Armenia: jason pick
Mantooth Saints: Armenia will take Kenny Britt WR Ten
Death To Armenia: bill up
Death Blow: Bill
Bill Lindke: Jason Witten, DAL - TE
Death Blow: San Diego DEF
Here Comes Da Pain: now we're rolling
Death To Armenia: brian
Niner Knights: Stevie Johnson
Niner Knights: WR Bills
Bill Lindke: nice pick
Death To Armenia: jake
Dublin Tundra Wookies: thinking
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Tony Romo, QB, Dallas
Death To Armenia: brandon
Oklahoma Rednecks: Ladainian Tomlinson - RB - NYJ
Death To Armenia: really?
Here Comes Da Pain: haha, shay sheds a tear
Oklahoma Rednecks: is he broken?
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: please stop with that DJ
East Bay Gotham Knights: still got love
Death To Armenia: shannon
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: K Winslow, TE
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: TB
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: 2nd Pick
Death To Armenia: round 5 kicks off w/ Drew Brees random name sake
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: D. Williams, RB, CAR
Death To Armenia: brandon up
Oklahoma Rednecks: hmmmm
Oklahoma Rednecks: yeah with scoring like this I see how LT isnt a good one..
Death To Armenia: was that a sublte jab at me?
East Bay Gotham Knights: 
Oklahoma Rednecks: not at all
Here Comes Da Pain: haha, i don't think different scoring would help LT now
East Bay Gotham Knights: haga'
Oklahoma Rednecks: its just a different way to do it.
Oklahoma Rednecks: haha
Oklahoma Rednecks: haga
Oklahoma Rednecks: haaaaaa
Oklahoma Rednecks: Tenessee DEF
Here Comes Da Pain: it's hard to run in depends
Dublin Tundra Wookies: hmm
Oklahoma Rednecks: I'd worry if sanchez was accurate.
Death To Armenia: but he is a glamour model now
Death Blow: who is next
Death To Armenia: jake up
Dublin Tundra Wookies: is GB defense picked?
Mantooth Saints: yep
Dublin Tundra Wookies: SF Defense, DEF, SF
Death To Armenia: brian up
Niner Knights: Tampa Bay D
Death Blow: owen daniels, HOU, TE
Dublin Tundra Wookies: you do realized SF plays Tampa this year, right brian??
Death To Armenia: bill up
Bill Lindke: Tim Hightower, WAS - RB
Niner Knights: ha ha...and we'll be at the game
Death To Armenia: is that the oct 8 game??
Death To Armenia: jason up
East Bay Gotham Knights: did someone get skipped
Mantooth Saints: Armenia will take Rob Gronkowski TE NE
Dublin Tundra Wookies: it is
Dublin Tundra Wookies: brian picked TB Def, but it'snt showing up on draft board
Death To Armenia: one sec‚ its not on his team either
Death To Armenia: cuz i'm dumb
Death To Armenia: i didn't change from jake to brian
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: whos up?
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Dorthy Mantooth was a saint!
Here Comes Da Pain: comish
Dublin Tundra Wookies: i get it now, paul
East Bay Gotham Knights: isn't it you Doug
Here Comes Da Pain: hence the commish
Death To Armenia: fixed brian
Mantooth Saints: They sell a St. Dorothy Mantooth shirt
Dublin Tundra Wookies: paul, it's jason's turn to pick
Death To Armenia: my pick 1 sec
Dublin Tundra Wookies: oh, i meant doug's pick
Death To Armenia: shonn greene, rb nyj
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Shoon Green goes for less than half the value his back up Ladanian Tomlinson. I'll take him! can we put money on this league. I have more expectations for my team than the Miami Heat.
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i had that ready to send
Here Comes Da Pain: reggie wayne, wr indy
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: a**hole!
Death To Armenia: i figured you did
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i told you earlier
Death To Armenia: looked at the fvalues of who was left and made a cal to snake either him or <insert 1 other cheap rb> from you
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: yeah i know who
East Bay Gotham Knights: Greene didn't show up under available, did he?
Death To Armenia: yep
Death To Armenia: but he was cheap cuz of last year
Death To Armenia: shay up
Death To Armenia: i am 90% sure i can predict pat's next pick
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: because i told you
East Bay Gotham Knights: Ryan Mathews (RB-SD)
Dublin Tundra Wookies: pat will pick... Kahlil Bell, RB, Chicago
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: when am i up
Death To Armenia: you and i had the same strategy save vincent jackson‚Ä¶i completely forgot about him
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Mathews doesnt make my team
Mantooth Saints: Legarrette Blount RB TB
Death To Armenia: i laughed so hard with pat's comment my dog is going nuts
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: if i had enouygh money i would pick Mike Tolbert
East Bay Gotham Knights: its a matter of money.. tolbert too steep
Death To Armenia: pat up
East Bay Gotham Knights: Mathews will bounce back. he was injured last year.. and he's my third string
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Ryan Grant RB 
Death To Armenia: figured
Death To Armenia: hahahahahaha
Death To Armenia: ok, round 6
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: $1
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: hahaha
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: do some research
Mantooth Saints: Wes Welker, WR, NE
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: arnt i upo again?
Death To Armenia: you are
Niner Knights: good one paul
Death To Armenia: welker cost more than you can afford so paul is safe
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i have $9
Oklahoma Rednecks: I feel skipped if you're up again
Oklahoma Rednecks: but Im not keeping track
Death To Armenia: you familair with a snake draft brandon?
Oklahoma Rednecks: yeah 
Oklahoma Rednecks: first last last firt
Oklahoma Rednecks: first
Mantooth Saints: Sorry about that
East Bay Gotham Knights: come on pat
Dublin Tundra Wookies: so, is jason goin after welkers?
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: ppl are taking longer than 2 minutes
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: come on guys
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: i need to get to bed
Dublin Tundra Wookies: yeah
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: steve breaston
East Bay Gotham Knights: Josh Brown, K, STL
Death To Armenia: waiting on pat to go over his research
Here Comes Da Pain: addai, rb indy
East Bay Gotham Knights: shoot.. not my turn.. cat out of the bag
East Bay Gotham Knights: haha
East Bay Gotham Knights: sorry CJ
East Bay Gotham Knights: hahaha
East Bay Gotham Knights: Mantooth is up
Death To Armenia: paul - you still want wekler?
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: take Mark Ingrahm CJ
Oklahoma Rednecks: Todd Heap - TE n
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: way better
Mantooth Saints: Yep I want Welker
Oklahoma Rednecks: ARI even
East Bay Gotham Knights: Josh Brown, K, STL
Death To Armenia: shay up
East Bay Gotham Knights: Josh Brown, K, STL
East Bay Gotham Knights: Josh Brown, K, STL
East Bay Gotham Knights: Josh Brown, K, STL
Oklahoma Rednecks: there you go
Here Comes Da Pain: i don't have nfl network so i can only watch so many games
Here Comes Da Pain: addai, colts
Here Comes Da Pain: i'm out guys, have to pick dollar playaz to fill my roster
Dublin Tundra Wookies: doug your pick
Dublin Tundra Wookies: ?
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: there are so many great players left
Death To Armenia: jimmy graham
Dublin Tundra Wookies: budgeting only allwos for a few "great"s like 85 and VD
Death To Armenia: te from no
Death To Armenia: jason up
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: who needs help?
Niner Knights: good one Doug, he was my sleeper
Mantooth Saints: mine too
Mantooth Saints: Armenia will take Joe Flacco
Oklahoma Rednecks: Johan Pauppadoupoulis - WR - Greece
Death To Armenia: bill up
Bill Lindke: Tim Tebow, DEN - QB    I know you guys will give me grief on this one
Dublin Tundra Wookies: is he starting?
Bill Lindke: no
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: probably not
Bill Lindke: but  i think he will
Bill Lindke: over time
Death To Armenia: benny up
Dublin Tundra Wookies: 2014 is too laye
Dublin Tundra Wookies: late
Bill Lindke: i cant understand why he is not even the 2nd string
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: next pick
Death To Armenia: prashanth
Death Blow: is welker available?
Death To Armenia: no
Oklahoma Rednecks: just went
Death To Armenia: he just went‚ pay attention
East Bay Gotham Knights: this is the time when Prashanth starts asking for all the taken players.. classic
Dublin Tundra Wookies: ask for joe flacco
Oklahoma Rednecks: he's definitely working off a list
Death To Armenia: nope
Death Blow: mario manningham
Oklahoma Rednecks: nice
Death To Armenia: he is wroking off some other web site mock draft
Niner Knights: Is MJD available?  He's on the draft board.
East Bay Gotham Knights: he is
Death To Armenia: no
East Bay Gotham Knights: ridiculous, right
Death To Armenia: he was my #1
East Bay Gotham Knights: what?
Niner Knights: What???
East Bay Gotham Knights: Maurice Jones Drew was not.. take him
Death To Armenia: dude, look at the chat history
Dublin Tundra Wookies: he went first round to doug
Niner Knights: MJD - Jaq
Oklahoma Rednecks: yeah doug got him
Niner Knights: fine then, BJGE - NE RB
East Bay Gotham Knights: well if I didn't have to deal with XXXXXXX's I'd know
East Bay Gotham Knights: damn
Dublin Tundra Wookies: what the hell is bjge
Oklahoma Rednecks: benjarvus
Death To Armenia: benjarvis
Oklahoma Rednecks: green-ellis
Niner Knights: gracias
Dublin Tundra Wookies: okay
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Michael Crabtree, WR, SF
Oklahoma Rednecks: TT
Dublin Tundra Wookies: $7
Niner Knights: All niners
Oklahoma Rednecks: steal
Oklahoma Rednecks: he's about to wake up
Dublin Tundra Wookies: this is his breakout season, go ahead and contract him for 3 yrs
Oklahoma Rednecks: the roids should take hold this season
Oklahoma Rednecks: yep
Dublin Tundra Wookies: indeed, im counting on his roid rage
Death Blow: who is next
Death To Armenia: brandon
Oklahoma Rednecks: Bryant - ATL - K
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: whose turn is it?
Oklahoma Rednecks: drew brees
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: did you get all those shanny?
Death Blow: drew breees is taken I think
Dublin Tundra Wookies: he's saying it's drew bree's turn
Death To Armenia: i think he meant its drew brees turn
Dublin Tundra Wookies: x2
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: he meant its drew brees's turn
Death Blow: got it 
Dublin Tundra Wookies: shannons taking way longer than 2min, skip!
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: P. Harvin, WR MIN
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: she takes Santonio holmes
Oklahoma Rednecks: oh Drew isnt in this league?  Doug, why do you lie?
Oklahoma Rednecks: Todd Heap - TE - ARI
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Denver, DEF, KC
Death To Armenia: shannon gets 2 picks fools
Dublin Tundra Wookies: damit
Oklahoma Rednecks: Denver Kansas, I've been there.
Dublin Tundra Wookies: i had a layover there once
Death To Armenia: so its her pick for round 7
Oklahoma Rednecks: its like compton to LA
Dublin Tundra Wookies: isn't Denver a suburb of columbine?
Oklahoma Rednecks: bombschool
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: Fred Jackson, RB BUF
Dublin Tundra Wookies: cortney left
Death To Armenia: ye
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: hes broke
Death Blow: who is next
Dublin Tundra Wookies: brandon?
Death To Armenia: brandon up
Oklahoma Rednecks: Todd Heap - TE - ARI
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Denver, DEF, KC
Niner Knights: Tony Gonz Atl TE
Death Blow: reggie bush MIA RB
Bill Lindke: Lee Evans, BAL - WR
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: good pick!!!
Death To Armenia: jason pick
Death Blow: why didn't my pick show up on the draft central page?
Mantooth Saints: Armenia will take Reggie Bush
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: f*cker!
Death Blow: I just picked reggie bush
Death To Armenia: prashanth took him
Death To Armenia: shows up for me
Oklahoma Rednecks: yep
Mantooth Saints: Armenia will take Chris Wells RB Ari
Dublin Tundra Wookies: is that different than beanie wells?
Death To Armenia: funny that it happens twice
Death To Armenia: but he is gone
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: same person
Death To Armenia: beanie was drafted a few rounds ago
Death To Armenia: so jason is holding us up again
Mantooth Saints: Lets try again. C. J. Spiller RB BUF
Death Blow: next
Death To Armenia: jake locker
Death To Armenia: qb ten
East Bay Gotham Knights: Malcom Floyd (WR-SD) $7
Death To Armenia: paul
Mantooth Saints: Greg Olson TE Car
Death To Armenia: pat
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: so i have $4 and 4 open spots?
Oklahoma Rednecks: sounds spendy
Oklahoma Rednecks: lemme know if you wanna make a trade down the line
Death Blow: go
East Bay Gotham Knights: that is awesome
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: hello? 
Oklahoma Rednecks: hellno?
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Plexico $1
Death Blow: nice
Death To Armenia: next
East Bay Gotham Knights: nice 
East Bay Gotham Knights: haha
Death To Armenia: would have been nice 2 years ago
Dublin Tundra Wookies: not bad for $1
Death To Armenia: tru dat
Death Blow: next
Death To Armenia: pat has an 8th rounder
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Laurence Marony
East Bay Gotham Knights: does he still play in the league?
East Bay Gotham Knights: haha
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: for a buck he does
East Bay Gotham Knights: i'll buy that for a dollar
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: that was a rushed pick
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: find him at the dollar store with Plex and Vincent Jackson
Death Blow: who is up
Oklahoma Rednecks: complaints are 5 dollars, just click the donate button and fill in the note.
Death To Armenia: paul
Death To Armenia: he got dropped from chat
Death To Armenia: should be back oson
Oklahoma Rednecks: grabbim
Oklahoma Rednecks: *hums the start spangled banner*
Death To Armenia: paul takes sam bradford
Oklahoma Rednecks: ehehehe
Dublin Tundra Wookies: damn yous!
Death To Armenia: shay up
East Bay Gotham Knights: Derrick Ward, RB, HOU
East Bay Gotham Knights: once Arian goes down.. he'll be money
Oklahoma Rednecks: arian is their only hope
East Bay Gotham Knights: umm.. perhaps you've heard of Ben Tate
Oklahoma Rednecks: I was in canada
East Bay Gotham Knights: did it hurt
Dublin Tundra Wookies: didn't ben tate win some kind of chess tournament in russia?
Death Blow: who is next
Oklahoma Rednecks: parts of it hurt
Death To Armenia: me
Dublin Tundra Wookies: i have to go say goodnight to my younglings, brb
Death To Armenia: santana moss WR Was
Death To Armenia: jason pick
Death To Armenia: paul/jason hybrid are you still there?
Mantooth Saints: Armenia will take Dallas Defense
Bill Lindke: Jay Feely, ARI - K
Dublin Tundra Wookies: im back
Dublin Tundra Wookies: is it brian's turn?
Death To Armenia: prashanth
Death Blow: deion branch NE WR
Oklahoma Rednecks: he might show up this year
Death To Armenia: brian
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Brian picks: Sebastian Janikowski, K, OAK
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: BIG PICK!!!!!
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: nice
Death To Armenia: oakland sucks
Death To Armenia: jake up
Dublin Tundra Wookies: I pick Kevin Kolb, QB, ARI
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: alex smith sucks
Dublin Tundra Wookies: duh
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: and someone took fitzpatrick in the 1st round
Death To Armenia: bradon up
Oklahoma Rednecks: Santonio Holmes - NYJ - WR
East Bay Gotham Knights: Deion Branch. Wow. That's bad
Oklahoma Rednecks: scroll down
Oklahoma Rednecks: 
Death To Armenia: 2 picks to my sister
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: Felix Jones, RB DAL
Dublin Tundra Wookies: For me, Marcedes Lewis, TE, JAX
Dublin Tundra Wookies: oops
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: wait
Dublin Tundra Wookies: not my turn yet
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: i'm still going
Dublin Tundra Wookies: srry
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: Sidney Rice, WR SEA
Oklahoma Rednecks: oh Im taking that
Dublin Tundra Wookies: ha
Dublin Tundra Wookies: serves me right
Oklahoma Rednecks: he's good, but I've got slots to fill....
Oklahoma Rednecks: thats what she said.
Death To Armenia: heads up‚Ä¶.not sure why but the current salary in draft central is now about $5 off for everyone‚Ä¶.check your team pages for your salary 
Death Blow: who is next
Oklahoma Rednecks: I've got tons of room
Oklahoma Rednecks: I think its me
Oklahoma Rednecks: Orton. DEN. QB
Dublin Tundra Wookies: crap i only have $5
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Kahlil Bell, RB, CHI
Dublin Tundra Wookies: $1
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: It says I have $2. Is that right?
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: every dollar helps
Death To Armenia: your individual team page is right
Death Blow: who is up
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Brian picks Marcedes Lewis, TE, JAX
Death To Armenia: parshanth up
Death Blow: nate burleson DET WR
Death To Armenia: bill
Bill Lindke: Owen Daniels, HOU - TE
Death To Armenia: gone
Death Blow: taken
Death To Armenia: pick again
Bill Lindke: ok
Bill Lindke: Dustin Keller, NYJ - TE
Death To Armenia: jason pick
Mantooth Saints: Armenia will take Billy Cundiff Kicker Bal
Death To Armenia: julio jones
Death To Armenia: rookie
Niner Knights: I wanted him too
Death To Armenia: shay up
East Bay Gotham Knights: Julio JOnes from which team is a rookie?
Death To Armenia: atlanta
East Bay Gotham Knights: not ATL because he's a second year
East Bay Gotham Knights: Nate Burleson (WR-Det)
Death Blow: taken
East Bay Gotham Knights: ah.. just missed it.. one second
Death To Armenia: not according to the NFL draft and the 2 magazines i have in front of me
Niner Knights: He is a rookie
Niner Knights: supposed to go well with Matt Ryan 
East Bay Gotham Knights: Greg Little, WR, CLE
Death To Armenia: pabs
Mantooth Saints: Johnathon Stewart RB CAR
Death To Armenia: pat x 2
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Trent Edwards, the starting QB for the niners (when A. Smith gets hurt week 1 on his 8th sac of the first half. I will probably just go QBless when Brady has his Bye.
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: and who cares for the next one. how about Leonard Pope
East Bay Gotham Knights: so the draft says I'm full, but I only have 12 players
Death To Armenia: one sec
Death To Armenia: my bad on shay
East Bay Gotham Knights: that kinda screws up me getting a 10 dollar scrub
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: if i only have 1 pick i want a new $2 pick
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: not that bum niner
Death To Armenia: pat is full
East Bay Gotham Knights: so what do I do.. can I switch out Greg Little for someone cheaper?
Death To Armenia: w/ $0
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: no way
East Bay Gotham Knights: i thought that was my last.. now it turns out I need 3
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: i had $2 and 2 picks
Death To Armenia: actually shay can drop him at any time
Death To Armenia: draft is not contract
East Bay Gotham Knights: so technically I could drop my lpick, get another, and then pick my wrap around?
East Bay Gotham Knights: 2 in a row?
Death To Armenia: eh, at this point i don't have a problem with that‚Ä¶not like its round 1
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: I had 4 picks left with $4. I picked 2 $1 people and im out of money?
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: hold up! im up
East Bay Gotham Knights: haha
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: whats the deal?
East Bay Gotham Knights: no worries.. finish yours and Pauls and then I'll handle my bidness
Death To Armenia: pat picked leonoard pope
East Bay Gotham Knights: we're talking about scrubs here
Death To Armenia: which was #14
Death To Armenia: so you are done pat
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: so there were 2 picks left
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: ok
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: I want my name in cap locks this year for the trophy
Mantooth Saints: Detroit Defense
Death To Armenia: so pat done, on to paul
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: Peace out yall
East Bay Gotham Knights: Later Pat.
Bill Lindke: Bye Pat
Death Blow: who's turn is it
Death To Armenia: shay
East Bay Gotham Knights: Okay. 1. Drop Greg Little, CLE, WR 2. Add Jacoby Ford, WR, OAK
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: good luck. someone take Zach Miller for $2
East Bay Gotham Knights: 2. Pierre Thomas RB, NO
The Bam Bam Bigaloes: good pick
Death To Armenia: k
East Bay Gotham Knights: good advice on Zach.. but will Tavaris get him the ball?
Death Blow: Doug you are up
Death To Armenia: ye, gimme a sec
Death To Armenia: harltey K no
Death To Armenia: jason
Mantooth Saints: Armenia takes Pierre Garcon
Death Blow: Bill you are up
Death Blow: he left?
Death To Armenia: bill took buff def
Death To Armenia: and he is out for the night
Death To Armenia: prashanth up
Death Blow: rob bironas k ten
Death To Armenia: jake
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Pierre Thomas, RB, NO
Death Blow: didn't I win two players in the bid?
Dublin Tundra Wookies: not if they were frank gore or vernondavis
Death To Armenia: i only have 1
East Bay Gotham Knights: i have Pierre Thomas
Dublin Tundra Wookies: oh crap
Death Blow: calvin johnson and peyton hillis
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Jared Cook, TE, TEN
Niner Knights: Did you skip me Doug?
Dublin Tundra Wookies: yep i believe he did skip you brian
Death To Armenia: i did
Death To Armenia: ok, you go brain
Death Blow: I bid 40 for calvin johnson
Niner Knights: Jay Cutler Qb Chicago
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Jared Cook, TE, TEN
Death To Armenia: the log says "I am done bidding" after brian won him
Death To Armenia: so no, you did not win him
Death Blow: no that was after I bid $40
Death Blow: my team page lists him in my team
Death To Armenia: ugh hang on guys
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Lets move this along people, my AGT Results show is on tonight!
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: whose turn is it?
Dublin Tundra Wookies: me, i picked, but doug is doing comish stuff with calvin johnson
Death To Armenia: ok, so prashanth has CJ
Death To Armenia: he shows up on your roster
Death To Armenia: so why are you asking?
Death Blow: the draft central says I need 3 players
Death To Armenia: eh, draft central is jacked up righ tnow‚Ä¶.i lost track with everyone throwing stuff at me
Death To Armenia: go by your team pages
Death Blow: and your free agent market lists calvin johnson under a different team
Death To Armenia: no it doesn't
Niner Knights: Oh crap, I do have Miles Austin.  he is under contract for me.
Death To Armenia: ok, jake pick
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Jared Cook, TE, TEN
Death To Armenia: brandon
Oklahoma Rednecks: Nate Washington - WR - TEN
Death To Armenia: acutally brian you have tried to draft  more than 1 player already on your team
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: AJ Green, WR, CIN
Death To Armenia: last pick for shannon
Niner Knights: I am so dumb.  Tailgate on Sunday!
Death To Armenia: oooo
Death To Armenia: he was the 3rd rookie i was looking at
Death To Armenia: brandon up
IN DREW BREES WE TRUST: i'm done. signing off
Oklahoma Rednecks: Woodhead -NE - RB
Dublin Tundra Wookies: Julius Jones, RB, NO
Dublin Tundra Wookies: annnnnd.. i'm sent
Dublin Tundra Wookies: spent
Death To Armenia: jake is done
Death To Armenia: brian up
Niner Knights: Cedric Benson Cin RB
Dublin Tundra Wookies: why can't i set my lineup???
Death To Armenia: i have to load it
Death To Armenia: right now the lineups table in the database is empty
Oklahoma Rednecks: clear cache
Oklahoma Rednecks: happened to me once already
Oklahoma Rednecks: you in the firefox that got updated today?
Death To Armenia: once i load them for week 1 it moves it week to week
Death To Armenia: no brandon
Death To Armenia: he is talking about something else
Death Blow: is it my turn?
Death To Armenia: yes
Death Blow: Colt McCoy QB CLE
Oklahoma Rednecks: word
Oklahoma Rednecks: horns
Death To Armenia: jason last pick
Mantooth Saints: Armenia will take Nick Folk Kicker NYJ
Niner Knights: anyone having a beer out there?
Death To Armenia: i'm taking KC def
Death To Armenia: that's 14 for me
Death To Armenia: shay last pick
East Bay Gotham Knights: Danny Amendola, WR, STL
East Bay Gotham Knights: I'm FREEEEEEEE
Death To Armenia: we love you too
East Bay Gotham Knights: It'll be a pleasure beating you all soon!
East Bay Gotham Knights: gnight
East Bay Gotham Knights: thanks Doug. Love you more.
Oklahoma Rednecks: night!
Death To Armenia: paul gimme 2 picks
Mantooth Saints: Steve Smith WR CAR
Oklahoma Rednecks: steal
Dublin Tundra Wookies: alrighty gang, i'm off like prom dress
Mantooth Saints: Matt Prater K Den
Death To Armenia: benny last pick
Death Blow: aaron hernandez te NE
Death Blow: am I good?
Death To Armenia: yep
Death To Armenia: brandon up
Death Blow: alright
Death Blow: good luck everyone
Death To Armenia: gmme 2 picks
Oklahoma Rednecks: Johnny Knox - CHI - WR
Oklahoma Rednecks: Nate Washington - TEN - WR
Death To Armenia: 1 more brandon
Death To Armenia: brandon?
Oklahoma Rednecks: op got him already
Death To Armenia: you are picking a $1 scrub
Oklahoma Rednecks: Vinatieri - Colts - K
Death To Armenia: kk
Oklahoma Rednecks: oh am I at a dollar??
Death To Armenia: no
Death To Armenia: but at this poitn take anyone
Death To Armenia: 
Death To Armenia: paul, last pick of the night
Mantooth Saints: Zach Miller TE Sea
Oklahoma Rednecks: take it away paul
Oklahoma Rednecks: nice
Oklahoma Rednecks: hehehehe
Niner Knights: I think I have one more?
Death To Armenia: shit, thought left brian
Death To Armenia: gimme your last pick
Mantooth Saints: Bye, Thanks for doing this doug
Niner Knights: Wash D
Oklahoma Rednecks: Awesome Doug.  This is gonna be fun.
Niner Knights: thanks doug for doing
Death To Armenia: wait
Death To Armenia: brian
Niner Knights: see you Sunday
Death To Armenia: wash d puts you over the cap
Oklahoma Rednecks: I'll be on your page 4 times a day.
Oklahoma Rednecks: uh oh
Niner Knights: By how much?
Death To Armenia: 12
Death To Armenia: pick a $13 player
Niner Knights: Ryan Longwell K Minn
Death To Armenia: done
Death To Armenia: night
Death To Armenia: talk t you guys later
Oklahoma Rednecks: sweet
Oklahoma Rednecks: hasta
Oklahoma Rednecks: *tiptoes out of the office*

